## Documentation

This project is aiming to deliver a representation of the type of coding and design I can do as a graphic designer and creative coder. Doing different animations and hover effects, backgrounds and svgs, and links to different sites to show how to get in contact with me shows how I delivered a representation of what I can do. I learned how to manipulate different svg files, how to make certain layers animate, how to have different hover effects for the different svg links, problem solving and patience when working out the mobile view as well as the different desktop views. Personal logo, animating the background of that svg and hover effects of the icons are some of the feature that are shown. I addressed accessibility on my website by describing the different svgs and backgrounds people can see on the site, and making sure colors and fonts are easily readable. I created mock-up through going through the process of Pinterest boards of various different themes I was looking for and then taking my personal logo and incorporating it into the tarot card and puffy paint vibe I was aiming for. I have only done a personal logo once and it was the bare minimum basic and needed touch ups, so I took the opportunity to refine my work, I also love the moon and the night sky that's why I included it, it also reminds me of the personal branding for the club I am a vice president of K-pop Dance Crew (KDC) so I still have a little bit of my personal life added in as well as professional view of what I can do as a graphic designer and creative coder. Not necessarily, I have coded once before in my class in highschool, doing the basic html bare minimum, but this was a lot more advanced than drop down menus and different pages on a site, this one has animation and svgs and a little more in depth coding as well as it actually being upload to the web. I used the same font as I did in my personal logo business card as well as another deco font that is also easy to read that fits the theme I was going for.